(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] How did it go?
Were you able to find a working solution?
Let's take a look at how I chose to solve the problem.
Now don't worry if your code doesn't match mine exactly,
it's more about getting experience calling an API
and working with Azure Cognitive Services.
I've also added some bells and whistles in my example
so that you can see more of the HTTP client interface.
Okay, so I started off by building a TextDocument object
and a TextAnalyticsRequest object.
These are going to store the information
that we're going to pass in the request body
of the HTTP request, to the text analytics API.
Now after I built those objects,
I created the URI
to the Azure Cognitive Services Sentiment endpoint.
To do that, I concatenated the path
to Version 3 of the endpoint,
with the domain specific to my resource
in Azure Cognitive Services.
You can see that as a constant in the top of the class.
Remember, yours might look a little bit different
because you should have a unique endpoint.
After that, I started to create my client,
and here's where my solution
might look a little bit different than yours.
I used a builder to instantiate my client,
and this allowed me to set the version of the HTTP protocol
to specify a proxy and to set a timeout.
Timeouts are really important when calling an API.
If you send multiple calls
to an API that's down, it's possible
that you're going to back up a lot of connections
in your code.
So you always want to set a timeout
when making a call to an API.
After I created my client,
I started to build my request using the builder
like we've seen in the past.
I set the endpoint that I would like to call.
I add the headers to satisfy the security scheme.
And then you see that I create the JSON string
for the request body, using the Jackson ObjectMapper
and our TextAnalyticsRequest object.
Once again, in line 57, I set a timeout on the request.
You can set it on the request or the client,
I just showed you both examples here.
Okay, so now I have a client, I have a request.
Let's go ahead and send that request
over to Azure Cognitive Services.
That's what I'm doing in line 60.
And we get the response back from the synchronous call,
so I'm in a block here on line 60.
And then I do something a little different
than you might've done.
I checked that we have a 200 HTTP status code,
and that's because I want to make sure
the request is successful.
If it's not, I do a little bit of error handling here.
So you always want to check to make sure
your call was successful
before continuing on with your processing.
After I've done that check, I can then take the request body
and pass it into the ObjectMapper's readValue method.
And this de-serializes the JSON string
in the request body to adjacent node.
And that's going to allow me
to more easily work with the JSON.
So you can see I traverse into that object
and extract the sentiment property.
So this is going to be positive or negative.
And I assign that value to the sentiment value string
that's declared in line 67.
I then take that string along with our text document
that we sent for analysis,
and I pass those into the SentimentAnalysis constructor
to build a sentiment analysis object
that we return on line 76.
So, that's my solution.
We can go ahead and see it in action
by heading over to the AzureSentimentServiceTest.
And I'll just go ahead and kick off this unit test.
You can see it just passed, so things are looking good.
That's going to conclude our work
with the Azure Cognitive Services and the HTTP client.
We were also able to get the first iteration
of our course project done, so that's a plus,
and we're ready to move on to work with our next API.